Replaces "placeholder" with "hint" (#85)
SFDigitalServices/design-system: docs/components/fields-and-forms.md

* There isn’t a need to use it with every field. If the field name is clear and a concept that doesn’t require further explanation, like “first name,” skip it.
* Keep it as brief as possible without degrading the message.

#### Hint (Placeholder) text

> Our implementation of the placeholder text is somewhat different from most. We do not use semantic placeholder text and instead use hint text placed outside the text field. This placement enhances the field's accessibility by having it always visible, allows for translation, and makes it easier for screen readers to access since [placeholder text is not universally supported](https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/forms/instructions/#placeholder-text).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our implementation of the placeholder text is somewhat different from most. We do not use semantic placeholder text and instead use hint text placed outside the text field. This placement enhances the field's accessibility by having it always visible, allowing for translation, and making it easier for screen readers to access since [placeholder text is not universally supported](https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/forms/instructions/#placeholder-text).
```
